---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/4-0-making-the-straps-of-the-shoe/","noteIcon":""}
---

##### Info:
You can use several methods to achieve the straps. I tried using the metho of creating a vertice by joining the verts of a cube in the center and then by extruding the vertices to the shape of the feet but the result was not very smooth.

##### Method to try:
- You can create two curves.
	- Use one of the curves as profile, so make it smaller and create a shape profile to it.
	- Use the second curve as a path. And try to modify it according to your shape
- Go to the **geometry** section of the **curve properties** tab and **select** your small curve as **profile**.

##### How to add taper to the surface?
Well you may want to create a homogenous taper to the surface. You can do this by **creating a third curve**. Then:
- **Go** to the **curve properties** panel.
- On the **Geometry** section there is a place where you can **select** a **taper object**.
- **Select** your **third curve** with this.
- Then **adjust** the **taper curve** to your liking, kind of as it is a **pressure curve** in the **drawing apps**.

<br>

>[!warning] 
>To avoid having a very dense model created by the curve, remember to optimize the **resolution** settings in the **curve properties panel**. 

<br>

##### Surface profile curve:
You can try using a rectangle with or without fillets applied as a profile curve to avoid having excess edge loops on the final surface from the start.
##### How to make the rivets?
You should do it the same way that you did on the front strap but the problem on these straps is that the rivets are starting as three rows and becoming one row towards the end. So how to achieve this? I have a theory:
- Once you **finish** doing all the surfaces and **applied** the **modifiers**, **make** a **copy** of the **strap surfaces**.
- **Delete** all the ==unneccessary== **edge loops**. I don't think that I need all those edge loops on the **vertical** surfaces.
- **Create** an **edge loop** on the **center** of the surface.
- **Create** an other **edge loop** on the **top**.
- **Connect** those **edge loops** starting from the **top one** and **smoothy** connecting to the **center** one.
- **Delete** all the **excess** edges. ==This will be your main edge loop== to create the **main** line of the **rivets**.
- Then **create** **two** more **edge loops** ==beneath== this main one. These will be your second and third row of the loops that you will use for the rivets.
- **Select** ==only== the **necessary portion** of these **edge loops** and convert them to a **curve** with the **curve array** plug-in. 
- Then **apply** the rivet **arrays**. This should work.