---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/5-0-things-to-do/","noteIcon":""}
---

##### Info:
Now that the modelling is kind of finishing and need to pass to the phase of substance painter, there are still some modifications that I have to finish to be able to seal the modelling.

##### To do:
- [ ] Fix the concave surface on the side of the insole to avoid having the shading issues.
	- Kind of decided to keep it with that small defect for now. Afterall with the shiny gold surface it is not really visible.
- [ ] Fix the general shape and position of the straps with the rectangular profile.
	- For the taper curve, use more than two vertices. It feels like I have more control over it even though I did not really understand how to control it.
	- [[How to make the straps with even thickness\|How to make the straps with even thickness]]
- [ ] Make a copy of the **curves** and then **convert to mesh** the **dupplicate** of the curve.
- [ ] Make the **round** ending shape of the straps. 
	- To make this, create the strap from a single rectangular. Before making the separation of the materials on the interior part of the strap, make a bevel / fillet to the ends of the strap. Then "Clean" the topology on the final piece where you have the bevel. 
	- Then make the edge loops for the interior of the strap as you prefer, on the desired position to create the material separation. On the final part where the edge loops will not extend because you have several n-gons, make an inset surface to more or less where the edge loops arrive, and then merge vertices to make them one edge loop.  Then finally inset that interior surface one more time to create the thickness, and bevel the edges.
- [ ] Reput the rivets.
- [ ] Make the hole for the insole.
- [ ] Make the holes for the bucket.

##### Final steps:
- [ ] Optimize the model.
- [ ] Unwrap the model.
- [ ] Export to Substance Painter.
